Huh?
[SATOKO]
Stop it, please!
You don't need to
go in Nii‐Nii's room!
That's enough of
your damn whining!
Where the hell else
am I gonna get some cash?
I know that bank
book is in there!
Uncle, I didn't
take the bank book!
Please don't mess up
Nii‐Nii's room!
What is he gonna do
when he finally comes home?
I said enough whining!
[SATOKO sobs]
Nii‐Nii! Nii‐Nii!
Ahh, I screwed up!
I'll be in so much shit if
they see a single bruise on you!
Shut your damn mouth!
You know that
won't make it better!
Little shit!
Hey! I told you
to shut the hell up!
I realize something,
looking back.
[EUA]
Hmm?
[STAOKO] This was one of the
worst fragments I lived through
but it was wonderful,
in one respect.
As awful as that life was,
on the whole,
at the very least,
I had Rika all to myself.
Indeed, those who live in loops
often come to value things
differently than
they do in mortal life.
[SATOKO] The tragedies
I remember now bring me joy.
I can't say I object to that.
If that is so,
then perhaps your humanity,
nay, your identity as
Satoko Hojo has faded fully.
[chortles]
I'm afraid that is a
mischaracterization, Eua.
Even as I live
through these loops.
I couldn't be more sure
that I'm still myself,
and that's why
I'll continue pursuing Rika
till we reach a world
where we can share the life
we were always meant to have.
I suppose so.
[laughs]
[SATOKO cries]
No!
[KEIICHI]
It's okay! We're friends.
I won't hurt you!
[SATOKO]
Help me. Someone help!
Satoko!
[RENA] Please. Just give
her some space, Keiichi.
Don't be scared, Satoko.
You're safe here with us.
It's okay.
[SATOKO]
Nii‐Nii. Help me, I need you!
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
We wanted to
help you and we failed.
Please forgive us.
Hey, Rika. How'd it go?
It's bullcrap!
Why has Child Welfare Services
been sitting on their hands
this whole time?
[MION] Satoko has a false
abuse report on her record.
They won't intervene
without hard evidence.
So what?
We wait around for
him to do something
that leaves her
bloody and bruised?
Stop, Keiichi!
I only meant they're‐‐
[SHION] What the hell
is left to talk about?
Wait, Shion? You're here?
[SHION] If we don't stop him,
he will kill her.
Enough talking.
We need to act now!
[RENA] Yeah, I agree
with Shion and Keiichi.
It's the truth.
Satoko needs our help;
we can't just wait!
There must be something
we can do for her!
[KEIICHI]
But what would it be?
Will another report to Child
Welfare change anything?
[SHION] We don't have time
to cut through the red tape!
Let's ambush the pig bastard
and cut his throat!
[TEPPEI]
Ugh... Huh?
Okay. Good enough, probably.
Well, they're cut up.
So, what now?
Just toss everything
straight into the frying pan?
Add a teaspoon of oil? Huh?
What the hell is a teaspoon?
Why can't they write this crap
in a way normal
people can read it?
Which one of you
feels like a teaspoon?
[TEPPEI]
Hmm...
This oughta do it, right?
[gasps]
Hell yeah, that's cookin'!
Ah!!
What in the world
are you doing?!
What's up, Satoko‐‐
Turn off the burner immediately!
[TEPPEI]
Did I screw up?
[SATOKO]
Uncle, honestly.
You were literally moments
from burning this
house to the ground!
Sorry, kiddo.
I was only tryin' to give you
a little surprise, is all.
Well, you've
certainly done that.
[sighs]
Now, could you kindly tell me
what possessed you to try
to cook, out of the blue?
I know things are tough
for you out there,
and I thought it might help
if you could come home
to a nice, hot meal.
Uh.
Well, I sincerely appreciate
the kind gesture.
But what do you
think would happen
if someone called Child Welfare
to report a raging grease fire
at the Hojo residence?
Huh?
Listen, we have
to keep our noses clean
or the people of Hinamizawa
are sure to turn it against us.
We're the only ones
we can trust.
Hey, about that.
I had this idea.
Why don't I call up
Child Welfare myself
and nip all this in the bud?
Then it's the whole
village versus the Hojos
and who do you suppose they're
more likely to listen to?
What's more, if the
Sonozakis were to get involved.
Child Welfare would
effectively be their puppets.
So, I guess what you're sayin'
is we gotta live with that?
All I want's a
quiet life with my niece.
Is that really so much to ask?
To be left alone?
[SATOKO] Well,
worrying ourselves over them
certainly won't help
matters, will it, Uncle?
I'd say getting this
kitchen sparkling clean
would be a far
better use of our time!
Let's grab some water
and rags and get started!
Right. Good thinking!
Just leave the scrubbing
and the lifting to me, kid!
[KEIICHI]
This is it. We're doing it.
[RENA]
Yeah!
Time to go in there
and save Satoko!
That's right!
[MION]
You already know this.
But be on your best behavior,
'cause everything the
department does after this
will be on us.
Let's get this over with.
You dismissed my idea
out of hand, Kei.
You'd better be
able make yours work.
Understood?
Got it.
Now, let's go, everyone!
Well, what's this?
Did something catch your eye?
[OOISHI]
Nothing much.
I was just thinking how
interesting it was
that the Maebara boy would
show up here of all places.
[KUMATANI]
Child Welfare Services?
Exactly.
And if that wasn't enough,
he's with the head of the Furude
clan and the Sonozaki girls.
Huh?
[OOISHI]
Hey, Kuma.
Could I get you to look
into what's going on here?
Yeah, sure thing.
[TEPPEI]
Satoko?
Where do these go, again?
[KEIICHI]
Listen up, guys!
We all need to talk
about Satoko Hojo, okay?
As you're all well aware,
she wasn't able
to come to school today.
What's that?
[SATOKO]
Hurry up, Uncle!
Dinner's about to be served.
Is there something wrong?
[TEPPEI]
It's fine!
Lemme go hang this stuff up.
[TEPPEI]
Hmm?
The hell are you gawkin' at?
You never seen a
guy hangin' up laundry?
Old turds!
Gotta watch your ass all
the time in this place.
But it's not just
a single person.
It's all the people
in Hinamizawa.
It just ain't right.
What can I do?
There has to be some way
I can help her, isn't there?
[KEIICHI] Our club already
launched the first strike
on Child Welfare Services.
All they did was write down
that five of Satoko Hojo's
classmates showed up
and asked them to help
her then sent us home.
So, we know exactly
what we have to do!
Five is not enough!
If we're gonna save her,
we're gonna
need all of your help!
We're gonna show them that
we're the Hinamizawa School,
and we mean business!
[KIDS]
Yeah!
What can I do for her?
There's gotta be something
I can do, but what is it?
[EMPLOYEE]
Have a good day, sir!
[OOISHI]
Is that right?
Teppei Hojo's
back in Hinamizawa?
[KUMATANI]
And we have no idea why.
[OOISHI chuckles]
Knowing him, my guess is
he had one too many one night
and picked a fight
with somebody he shouldn't have.
Either that or he got ambitious
and went after yakuza
protection money.
But in any case, it seems
he's not gonna be hanging
around Okinomiya anymore.
[KUMATANI] Word is he's keeping
Satoko holed up in the house.
Think there's any truth to that?
Mr. Maebara and his friends
seem to think so,
though they might not be
seeing the whole picture.
But as many times as
I've had to bring Teppei in.
I definitely can't
discount the possibility.
Either way, I do
feel awful for Satoko.
Hey, Ooishi!
[OOISHI]
Hmm?
Well, would ya look at that.
What brings you out
to this neck of the woods?
[OOISHI]
Slow down there, Mr. Hojo.
What exactly is this about?
[KUMATANI]
Hey, enough of that!
You have my full attention.
Now, I'm guessing there's
something you need from me?
[TEPPEI]
There is!
There's somethin'
real important goin' on
that I need your
help with, Detective!
[OOISHI] It must be
serious if you're going
to make this much
of a fuss about it.
I'll hear you out.
Now, would you please
go ahead and stand up?
You're certainly
not in a position
to be asking favors of me
but if you're gonna get
on your hands and knees,
the least I can do is listen.
[TEPPEI]
Hey, Satoko, I'm home!
I hope you had a pleasant
shopping trip, Uncle‐‐
I'm glad to see
you're looking well.
I was pretty surprised
when I heard talk that
you'd moved back in here.
Well, I'm rather
surprised myself,
seeing the two of you walk
in the door together.
Whatever is this about?
We need someone on our side.
He can help keep you safe.
I don't think I'd say
I'm on anybody's side yet.
I came to visit your
home at your request,
but I can't judge the situation
before I've heard
the whole story.
Although...
My first impression is,
the conditions
here aren't as bad as
what was reported
to Child Welfare.
Would you mind
sittin' down a while
and lettin' me
fill you in on things?
[OOISHI] So, the village
has been bullying her?
That seems a bit far‐fetched.
Look, I understand you've
got no reason to believe me,
but she's got nothin'
to lie about, right?
Everything my Uncle
told you is true.
He's the only one in the entire
village who's on my side.
The people I pass on the road
and even my
classmates at the school.
They all believe that I'm an
enemy of Hinamizawa Village.
While I'm here,
do you mind if I take
a look around the place?
No indication that
anyone's been locked up
or abused here, huh.
Well, it certainly
doesn't seem like
you're in any kind
of distress, are you?
[SATOKO]
Why would I be distressed?
Things have been going
swimmingly between us
since he moved back home.
[OOISHI]
Heh. I apologize.
[SATOKO] I can't believe he
would turn to Ooishi for help.
He believed my lie but
what's truly shocking
is that he would go to
such lengths to protect me.
It must be awfully
frustrating, Detective Ooishi.
You've thrown yourself into
solving the Hinamizawa murders,
and you've failed every time.
But all your worries
are over now
because with this medicine, your
eyes will finally be opened,
and the truth will be fully
revealed to you at last.
[EUA chuckles]
My... how gruesome a
tragedy could Ooishi inflict
upon the village as
he progresses to L Five?
I hardly dare to guess.
And yet, however
the story may unfold,
I can scarcely
imagine it could fail
to keep our boredom at bay.
[laughs]
Wouldn't you agree?
My apologies.
I hadn't planned on
taking up so much of your day.
[TEPPEI] Do you think
you can help Satoko out?
Well, from everything
I've seen here today,
I'm comfortable enough to say
there's nothing that warrants
a call to Child Welfare.
So, then you can!
[OOISHI]
As an officer of the law,
it wouldn't be proper
for me to publicly take sides
in what's currently
a personal dispute
but if matters
begin to escalate,
or if you feel that either
one of you is in danger,
I hope you won't
hesitate to let me know.
And I promise to
do anything in my power
to help you guys out.
Heh! I owe you
my life, Detective!
[SATOKO] I truly couldn't
have hoped for a better ally
to have on my side in this
fight, Detective Ooishi!
No need for all that now.
[OOISHI] All right, you two,
stay in touch.
[OOISHI]
Old pal.
I promised at your grave that
I would track down your killers
and your missing arm,
and I promise again every year.
But I think this is
the year it happens.
I'm finally getting closer.
I might be able
to find the criminals
hiding behind the curse.
[chuckles] Though I'm not
gonna be doing it by the book.
[KUMATANI]
Hey, Ooishi!
[OOISHI] Sorry to keep
you waiting so long.
Hope you're not mad at me, Kuma.
You get used to it.
So, what's got Teppei Hojo
inviting detectives
into his house?
[OOISHI chuckles]
I'll have to fill you in
on the situation later.
But on that topic,
have we heard anything
from Child Welfare?
The demonstrators
were back at it today.
Even more of them
than last time.
[OOISHI] Well, the Maebara boy
is new in town, after all.
He might have
jumped straight into
the dogpile before he really
knew what was going on.
Dogpile?
I'm sorry to ask, Kuma,
but could you wait here
just a bit longer?
[KUMATANI] If you say so,
but where are you going now?
[OOISHI] I'd like to take
a walk around the village
and go up to the Furude Shrine.
[KUMATANI] Right, 'cause
Watanagashi is coming up.
Scoping out security?
[OOISHI]
Yeah, that's exactly right.
After all, there are certain
places the locals associate
with Lord Oyashiro's curse
and it seems to me
like those are the places
to keep an eye on.
[GARDENER] I'd never believe you
if you told me I'd see Teppei,
of all people,
hangin' up the laundry.
[VILLAGER B] Yeah, but he
was as scary as ever,
flyin' off the handle
and screamin' at us,
so I reckon it really was him.
[OOISHI]
How you fellas doin'?
[GARDENER]
Hey there, Ooishi.
How can we help ya?
Just a bit ago,
I was walking by the
Hojo family's old place.
I could swear I heard Teppei
yelling his head off at someone.
Yeah. Sounds right.
We've been hearin' about that.
I sure do feel for Satoko,
havin' to be cooped up
there with that man all alone.
Then he is abusing her?
Likely, but there's no proof.
Do you think you could go
and check up on her
for us, Detective?
[OOISHI] Hmm...
I can't really get involved
without some
evidence of a crime.
But I do hear your concern, and
I think it's for good reason,
so could I ask you two
to keep an eye on the place?
[GARDENER]
I suppose so.
[cracking sounds]
[cruching sounds]
Well, hello!
Good to see you, Detective!
[OOISHI] Looks like
you've been working up
a good sweat out here!
Any chance you've caught
sight of Teppei skulking around?
[ELDER]
Huh? That Hojo lout?
No, sir. Not lately.
[OOISHI]
Really? That's strange.
He was here just a moment ago.
As a matter of fact.
I saw him running away
from the shrine
as I started
heading up the stairs.
That's not good.
No way he would've been
praying to Lord Oyashiro,
so what was he up to?
Yeah, that's a good question.
Well, let's just hope he
wasn't raiding the offering box.
No room left for doubt,
now, is there?
Our murderous friends
could hardly ask
for a cleaner setup than this.
That's right.
One target for demoning away
and one to be sacrificed
to Lord Oyashiro's curse.
[VILLAGER A] Who would
do something like this?
[VILLAGER B] Teppei would
and did, from what I hear.
Relieved himself on
the torii gate walking out.
[VILLAGER A]
The man's got no decency!
You know what
people've been saying.
Lord Oyashiro
never stops watching.
Yeah.
And he's looking
straight at the Hojos.
[RIKA] Next time:
"Tatariakashi‐hen, Part 4."